[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Ricardo
Gonzalez author
and researcher from
Peru who has experienced
multiple direct contacts with
an extraterrestrial species
called the Apunians.
Today we're talking about the
origin and destiny of souls.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>>RICARDO GONZALEZ:
Thank you again, Emery.
>>EMERY: Ricardo, so what
do you mean by the origin
and destiny of souls?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: This
is a very deep and spiritual
issue, as you can imagine,
after our extraterrestrial
contact experiences,
many questions began
coming to mind.
And we tried to transmit
those concerns to these beings
to see if to the best
of their ability,
they could respond to many
different kinds of concerns.
Here on your show, we've
touched on many topics relating
to these concerns.
But they've been
more technical issues
relating to accounts
to the contact itself
with these beings.
But we also ask questions
of a more spiritual nature,
questions about our nature,
our destiny, consciousness,
especially because in
these beings' messages,
we were always told
that we were not just
beings of flesh
and blood, but we
were, above all, a
conscious energy living
a human experience.
So I can have some
information of my human origin
from an anthropological
and historical perspective.
But from a spiritual
perspective,
if we really are a
conscious energy living
in a human body, what is
the origin of that energy,
or a better question,
what is our true origin
because it is clear that
I am not Ricardo Gonzalez.
But I am living in a human
body, and I was baptized
with the name of Ricardo.
I know this may sound strange
to people watching now.
But I ask you to reflect
on this for a moment.
If we really are energy, where
were before we were on Earth?
And once the human
adventure is over,
where are we going back to?
I transmitted these
concerns to these beings,
and they told us a
really fascinating story.
According to the information
from these beings,
our universe is not just
physical as we understand it.
There are other parallel
universes, so to speak.
They do not have this pattern
of density as we interpret it.
And they seem not to be governed
by the space-time equation.
Just as Earth scientists
think that it all
originated with the
Big Bang explosion,
and in the wake of the Big Bang,
space and time, as we know it,
appeared.
The extraterrestrials say that
there were multiple Big Bangs
because we live in
reality and a multiverse.
And we, as beings of energy who
live as humans in this reality,
would have been born as a
kind of cosmic explosion.
We call it an explosion
so the audience
can understand the concept.
I would call it singularity
in more scientific terms.
The fact is that according
to these messages,
that singularity arose from
a non-physical universe
of large concentrations
of energies,
of vortices in the
universe that communicate
with what extraterrestrials
call cosmic sources.
And from those
cosmic sources would
have come what we humans
call the soul or the spirit.
Of course, we try to
explore this concept further
with the extraterrestrials.
And we asked, so how
did these sources come
about on the basis of what
matter or substance were
these lights transformed
into spirits?
How did they develop
their consciousness,
their individuality?
But these
extraterrestrial beings
told us that while we are
in this physical body,
we would not have
enough consciousness
to understand deeper concepts.
We come, then, from
a cosmic source
as if we were spirits
roaming the universe who
can manifest
themselves sometimes
in the universes of matter.
I'm referring to dense
matter like the structure
of this planet called Earth
and live the human experience
there.
That is the concept of the
origin of spirits or souls.
But it also has other phases:
rules, or laws in a world--
we'll call it spiritual--
that seems to organize
our existence here.
>>EMERY: Some people believe
that we make contracts
before we come to this
three-dimensional planet.
What do you think about that?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: Yes, these beings
have told us about it.
We call it "the
agreement of life."
The question is, with whom
is that agreement made?
It has to do with what
I was trying to tell you
just minutes ago
that there are rules
or circumstances in those
worlds or higher planes
that seem to regulate the
physical support of the roaming
spirit who arrives, in
this case, to the Earth.
And within those rules or
that spiritual organization,
there are beings of non-human
consciousness who intervene.
In some religions,
they call them angels.
In some more
esoteric groups, they
are called the lords of karma.
Shamanic circles also speak of
these beings of consciousness
that regulate births on Earth.
Even in ancient
Egypt, these beings
are alluded to in what we
know as Hunefer's manuscript
or papyrus.
In Hunefer's
manuscript, these beings
appear as a kind of
tribunal in the afterlife.
The point is that
this panel of entities
or this council of beings
of light, whatever it is,
exists according to the
extraterrestrials' message
and counsels with knowledge
and wisdom, the roaming soul,
the cosmic spirit pilgrim who
will live their experience.
Then you wonder, how is it
possible for them to counsel
in detail at that level?
What makes them decide that
a cosmic soul is to be born
in a certain country on Earth?
To be born as a human being,
maybe, in the United States
or in my case, in Peru in South
America with different family
situations, cultures,
including some experiences
that we should live throughout
the human adventure?
This life agreement
or legal contract
also appears in
different Asian beliefs,
and some call this karma.
However, I think it's
important to clarify
some concepts from the
extraterrestrial perspective,
of course.
These hierarchies of
light that I'm mentioning
are based on very precise
rules in the universe of life.
And almost mathematically,
geometrically, they
help organize what the
future human experience
is going to be.
As the soul evolves and
has different experiences
in a world school,
every time they
come across that
panel of light beings,
the higher the
consciousness, the more they
intervene in what you
need because every action
or thought during
human existence
brings a consequence
that affects timelines
in the future.
That's why the word
karma means action.
It is not punishment
as people in the West
have misinterpreted.
It is a kind of law
of cause and effect.
Then, according to
the causes sowed
by the soul that lived on
Earth and even in other worlds
where they may have
experienced life,
all these causes will
have consequences, effects
on their future existences.
>>EMERY: Because you said
earlier that whoever gave us
the soul, how did
they know that we
were going to be born
this day, this place,
and die in this
place at this time?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: I
could explain how all this
happens with an example.
It's like a car
factory and excuse
such a mundane and
everyday example.
There are very precise rules
for making a specific car.
And it is likely built for
getting around in a city.
There are other
types of cars that
are built to get around in rural
areas, such as a truck or Jeep.
And these possibilities
are manufactured
from factory designs.
Something similar happens
with our experiences
in the world school.
All previous information
accumulated, both by our soul
and by other souls who
have lived in other worlds,
generates a learning pattern.
And with affinity
for a world school,
we are assigned the experience.
But experiences vary
according to the soul.
Returning to the car
example, maybe the car
was designed to drive on the
roads of the United States.
It's what some would
call destiny, Emery.
But is fate set in stone?
That car is being
driven by a driver,
and the driver represents,
in this symbolic example,
consciousness.
And with greater
consciousness, you
can choose how you're going
to drive the car, at a higher
speed, at a lower speed,
where you're going to stop,
or if you were going to leave
the previously determined route
to explore new routes that
the manufacturer did not
warn you about.
But there's also an additional
detail to your question, which
is the collective
evolution of the souls
because these cosmic
spirits described
by the extraterrestrials, cosmic
spirits that are actually us,
we do not work alone in
evolution in the universe.
We're establishing bonds,
connections with other roaming
spirits.
And that is weaving a kind
of fabric of experiences
that can generate
influence between one soul
and another in an experience.
And it could determine how we
are sent to Earth, for example.
Put in very simple terms,
our parents or our children,
our family are not
complete strangers to us.
We probably chose them
before we came with all
that that means, with that
great learning experience
because the journey of the
soul and its human life
can be full of trials and
difficult circumstances.
But the extraterrestrials
say that it
is good for that to
happen because we end up
being like an
anthropologist infiltrating
a culture from within, being
born within it to learn
appropriately.
>>EMERY: Excellent, excellent.
What or who is the origin
of this contract law,
and is there some sort of
force that's overseeing
the erection of these souls?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: It
has to do with what we were
talking about a moment ago,
my friend.
I believe that entities
from other planes
are not exactly
responsible for deciding.
But they do participate in this.
It's as if the
spiritual universe
were structured like this.
It's like asking, who
created the clouds,
or who created the wind?
They are reactions to the
nature that is being organized,
humidity, heat, et cetera?
And in a higher
spiritual world, there
is a perfect structure, Emery,
that we do not know about.
And that geometry, that
wonderful symmetrical growth
is the basis of
this legal contract.
Remember that in
another episode,
we talked about the
guardians of light
flowing in the
vortices of the Earth.
My personal opinion
of the legal contract
is that there would be
beings of such a nature
but on a cosmic scale.
And these beings would be acting
so that this legal contract is
fulfilled.
They are the guardians of light
of the vortices of the cosmos
as if it were a panel or
a tribunal of Maat that
was spoken of in ancient Egypt.
So these beings with their
knowledge, with their wisdom
assist the souls who
are following the laws
of the universe to incarnate.
But those laws were not
made by these beings,
just like there was
no concrete entity
or a group of
concrete beings that
created the law of gravity.
It simply exists.
It is a mechanism of the
order in the universe.
But there are agents who step in
to explain how these laws work.
Then these beings
conveyed to us that they
could help us understand
why we are here
on Earth because with
a higher consciousness,
we could have more freedom.
The law exists in and of itself.
And whomever knows the higher
laws achieves personal mastery
and comes to understand
that human beings do not
have to attain a
spiritual experience,
but we are actually spirits
living a human experience.
>>EMERY: Ricardo, in that
case, is destiny and free will
something that's
controlled from the outside
rather than controlled by
the individual themselves?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: I
believe that is the very law
of the universe that prescribes
things affecting the souls
who have come to Earth, first,
individually and in more complex
scenarios, as groups of souls
to learn.
But we need to understand
the concept of free will
within all of this.
I think there is some confusion
when you talk about destiny
and you talk about free will.
Destiny may be a path
you have to follow,
which is a consequence
of cause and effect
of the very organization
of the universe
that I previously explained
with the legal contract.
When you live without
feeling, like a robot,
as we talked about
in other interviews,
you just follow that straight
line of your destiny,
of your life program.
But remember in the car example
that I gave a few moments ago,
if the driver has
consciousness, the driver
may choose how to steer.
And why can the driver steer?
Because while there
is a destination,
which is the route,
then the steering wheel
represents free will.
And it can turn right or left
according to consciousness.
>>EMERY: That's a
great way to put it.
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: There
are people who, when
they go through death,
experience something
extraordinary.
We know this because
some people who
have been diagnosed
as clinically dead
have managed to
return to their body,
remaining in full consciousness,
for example, from the operating
room where they have lost
their lives with the doctors
and everything that
happened there,
but at the same time
maintaining consciousness
of where they were while their
body was in the hospital.
And they describe that they
encounter wonderful beams
of light who evaluate with
them all that they have
lived in their human existence.
The person who just
died quickly sees
like a screen in their
mind, if we may call it
that, all that they did and did
not do in this human existence.
And they are counseled
by that being of light
that appeared at that moment.
Sometimes these beings
of light or whomever
they are assume other aspects.
And they may appear as
your deceased father
or another person who
is important to you
in your memory.
But an important factor
in what I'm describing,
Emery, is that people who
have gone through death
and have managed
to return come back
with a greater consciousness
of the importance
of their decisions, that
so-called free will.
They return with such a
consciousness that they say,
I would have done
things differently,
or at least, they
have the opportunity
to do things differently
in the additional time that
has been given to them.
>>EMERY: So the question
is, do you still
have free will in your
soul at that moment
looking at that light and
saying, I want to go back?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: Here, we
get entangled again
with the legal contract
and with consciousness.
There is no consensus on this
information among those of us
who research these issues.
Some researchers of these
topics think that everything is
perfectly scripted, and we
cannot vary from that movie.
So if a person is
clinically dead
or has a terrible accident
where they are left for dead
and they come back from
it, all that was planned.
And if they have three or
four situations in which they
died and come back,
all that was coldly
calculated in their
legal contract,
and it had to be that way.
According to what I have
understood in my contact
experience, this is
not always the case.
There may be a legal
contract, but there
can be some type of
clause, like blank spaces
within that legal contract.
And within those exceptions,
act based on consciousness.
And this has to do
with your question.
What does a person
do when they return?
Do they completely
determine this when
they are on the other side?
Is it that these
beings of light who
intervene by controlling
life and the contract
tell you, OK, Emery,
you can go back
and continue to
enjoy human life?
I think taking into
consideration the importance
of what you are
learning at the moment,
like a huge explosion
of knowledge,
it makes a difference.
The energy of consciousness
is so powerful
that it may affect your
initial legal contract.
For example, a very powerful
force in human existence
is love.
And there are cases
of mothers who
were thought to have passed
away from a terminal illness
and were pronounced
dead in a hospital.
And these women met with
these beings of light
on the other side,
beings of light
who they understood to be angels
according to their beliefs, who
guarded a powerful
energy, a source of light
for her to enter into.
And suddenly, the
soul of this mother
became aware of her
five-year-old daughter,
and she felt a powerful
love, which she manifested
to these beings of light
or to the very light
that she had entered
into and proposed,
I want to be on
Earth for a while
longer to help
raise my daughter.
If possible, I want
the opportunity
to educate my daughter
and not depart now.
And that consciousness and
supreme manifestation of love
gave her the opportunity.
In some cases, it
happens like that.
>>EMERY: They have or we
have unfinished business,
we say, sometimes that
we need to come back
and help our loved ones.
But very interesting, I
like the way you put it.
So after death, where is
everything learned and lived?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: Once we
finish the human experience,
all the information
that we accumulate is not lost.
Your brain and your
heartbeat may stop.
Your body may
return to the dust.
But all the information
and all your learning
is turned over to that
subtle spiritual universe
of which I spoke.
And that information
is very important
because there are millions and
millions of us souls living
in different worlds, absorbing
information, experience,
knowledge.
And all that sustains the
consciousness of the universe.
Death does not exist dear
Emery, and you know that.
We only depart the physical body
when it is our turn to leave.
And everyone will
have their moment.
There are still
people on Earth who
fear death because they
lack this knowledge.
There are others who
are not afraid of death,
but they fear the way
of dying, the pain.
And others fear attachment,
which we sometimes
confuse with love, which are
two very different things.
We are very deeply
rooted, anchored
to the things of the Earth.
And when it is our turn to
embark on this great journey,
as Dr. Elizabeth Kubler-Ross
said, death is a dawn.
We cannot awaken at dawn if
we live tied to the past.
So after death,
nothing disappears.
And I could add something
else, my friend.
We do not live only once.
Just as different traditions
of the world recorded,
the human soul can incarnate
on different occasions,
according to the
extraterrestrials,
in this and other worlds.
In fact, ancient
traditions teach
that spirits who have reached
a deep level of consciousness
and love overcome this
circle of reincarnations.
And they no longer
have to return to Earth
or any other world school.
However, in very
exceptional circumstances,
some of these spirits
return because of love
beyond any legal contract.
They are outside
the legal contract.
They return to
fulfill a mission.
In India, this
phenomenon was called
avatar, which in Sanskrit
means the one who returns
or the one who descends.
How is an avatar recognized?
I believe that there are
several avatars currently
on the planet, but
their work is silent.
In the past, we had
powerful avatars,
whose work was much more
public, like Buddha or Jesus.
>>EMERY: So previous
guests have talked
about the suppression of
consciousness and free will
by outside ET
influences that keeps
human beings from ascending
to higher consciousness.
What can you say about that?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: Well,
as you may recall
in the episode where
we talked about the
confrontation of forces,
human beings are in the
middle of many influences.
And it is true that
one of these forces
does not want us to
develop our consciousness
and reach higher
levels of evolution.
But that can only
happen if we allow it.
What I'm going to say
may sound very religious.
But great masters of old
taught that we can only
be controlled no matter how
powerful a force is if we lose
our control, if we allow it.
And I profoundly believe
this because those
forces that other
researchers have
said that are trying to
crush human consciousness,
they also use the
existing laws to do so.
They know they can
control us or affect us
through fear, through
other circumstances as
well, of course.
So a person who
stays in the middle
and tries to keep their
consciousness awake
is not going to be subject
to those influences.
>>EMERY: Will we ever
be able to break away
from these influences, Ricardo?
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: I
believe that with our
learning on this planet,
we will always be in the
middle of different influences.
But remember, I'm speaking
in the plural, influences.
Many times, we devote attention
to talking about an influence
that may be negative on us.
And we forget that
there are also
positive influences
that try to direct us
towards consciousness.
We are like a
sailboat, dear Emery.
And we have to let ourselves
be guided by the right winds.
There is a way to
be free from what
we would call "an unpleasant
or negative influence"
from the temptations
of the world.
Yes, there is a way, being
a disciplined person,
a person who does not
forget the great power that
exists in determination.
Willpower is a wonderful
thing because willpower
can create incredible things
even in our physical reality.
2,000 years ago, a
great teacher said,
what if people had faith
the size of a mustard seed?
They would say to
a mountain, move,
and the mountain would move.
It's almost quantum mechanics.
What happens in the world of
the small, of the microscopic,
or to be more exact, in
the world of the subatomic,
if you will, affects the
giant world around us.
And faith, willpower,
knowledge are
powerful subatomic energies.
But they only work if you have
knowledge like the same teacher
said 2,000 years ago.
I am going to share
a truth with you,
and that truth
will make you free.
That's why there is
cosmic disclosure, right?
It is about revealing
things that people
don't know because the
more knowledge you have,
the better you can understand,
the better you can decide.
And you will be free.
We are therefore souls
more than human beings
of flesh and blood.
And we are all living
this play together.
We are inside a character.
But when the play that
we are acting in is over,
we take off our
makeup and costume,
and we go home because that
is who we are, pure light.
And we have come here
to be free and happy.
>>EMERY: Well put, Ricardo.
That was so beautiful.
I want to thank you again
for being on the show.
>>GONZALEZ: Thank
you, my friend.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>GONZALEZ THROUGH
INTERPRETER: Shambhala
is the name of a supposed
lost city in Asia that
speaks of beings who
came from heaven,
great minds who trained ancient
humans in spiritual knowledge.
When I've been in the Gobi
Desert with the lamas,
he said to us the
people who walk
in the sky, who move
in those lights,
protect the entrance to
the subterranean world.
There are many things
that have happened
that unite the myth of Shambhala
and the extraterrestrials.
Shambhala means
the place of peace,
the place of tranquility, so
find your inner Shambhala.